- Movie night, baby.
I love it.
- Yeah. What are you sitting in?
I'm not mad at it.
- You can't be mad at this.
- No.
- The real question here
is how not mad are you
at this beer mug?
- Oh, very un-mad.
It's a lot of fun.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
Let's kick things off here
with a foot job comp.
- All right.
- Okay. Let's do it.
[smacking]
- Huh.
- Hmm.
- You know, not my porno.
Mm-mm.
Why don't we go bottom right,
right there?
That butt--
that butt's just winking at me.
[woman moaning]
- Mmm, nope.
Not my porno.
- She's cute.
A little Amy Schumer looking.
[woman moaning]
No.
He's rushing. Not my porno.
- Pace yourself, bud.
- Geez.
- You know?
- Hey! How are you?
- Howdy.
- Can't see through the sheet,
can they?
- No. I wouldn't think so.
No.
[hip-hop music]
- * I'm fresh *
- * You gotta, you gotta
* You gotta, gotta
- * Gotta be fresh
- I mean what are we doing?
What happened to porno?
- That's what I was thinking.
- I feel like it's lost
all of its nuance.
- That's right.
Now, it's just--
it's like a jackhammer just
plugging away at a Realdoll,
which I've actually
seen that video before,
and I liked it more than this.
- Yeah.
I'm sorry, I like my porn stars
with acting chops.
- Yes, they should also
have very expressive eyes
while they're kind of--
- Honestly, I miss Dan Yella.
I mean what a porn star.
- Yeah, absolutely.
- Dare I say starred
in the greatest porno
of all time,
"The Nutting Professor."
- Oh, you're dating yourself.
- I am.
I am a little bit.
- And Dan Yella,
what a performance.
Are you kidding me?
Seven different roles.
Remember the aunt
in the fat suit?
- "Oh, jerk it, please!
Jerk it, please!"
- Yes. Thank you.
- Oh, the roll around
the dinner table.
- And what a body.
I didn't mind all the pubes.
I mean they were everywhere.
I didn't care.
- I mean there's literally
no other man
I'd rather watch do sex.
- Yeah.
- You know what?
To Mr. Dan Yella,
our porno daddy.
- To Dan Yella.
- Mr. Dan Yella.
- Well, after scouring
the Internet,
I couldn't find
"The Nutting Professor,"
and I checked Brazzers,
Bangbros, Mofos,
Rancho [bleep], PornHub,
and YouPorn.
- I know.
And I tried PornTube, Fapdu,
Youjizz, Jizzpros.
I even tried
Sublime Directory.
- Did you just say
"Sublime Directory"?
- Uh, yes, I did.
- Found it! Yup.
And it wasn't on xHamster,
8th St. Latinas,
Captain Stabbin,
or Mike in Brazil.
- I love Mike in Brazil,
'cause he was in an apartment,
and then he went to Brazil.
- This is a cool way
to see Brazil.
- See the world, really.
- Guess where I did find it,
though.
- Where?
- EBay. Yeah.
Two VHS copies,
and I'm currently
the highest bidder.
- That is awesome.
- Yeah. Get on over here, dude.
Check it out. So I've just been
in this bidding war
with "MRNULEAF,"
and there's, well,
there's 30 seconds left, so...
I just thought
of something cool.
- What?
- What if we make a pact to,
like, not crank down
until we get the movie?
- Yeah, okay.
That sounds like a good--
- Bad idea.
That's, like, not cool, right?
- You know, I--and that's where
I disagree with you, Anders.
I think it's necessary
because we must show respect
for Dan Yella, right?
- I don't know.
I don't know.
- You're acting a little weird.
- I'm not being weird.
- Five seconds. Five seconds.
- Four, three, two.
Hit it. Hit it.
- That was too early.
- You gotta--
[all shouting]
- I won! Yeah! We won! We won!
- Congratulations.
Good stuff, babe.
- So we won't crank down?
- Yeah.
- No cranking down.
- Okay.
That's official.
That's fine.
- I don't even know what to do
since we can't jerk off.
I guess have some toast.
- Man.
You guys ever notice DiDi
got a real booty on her?
- I've never noticed that.
- No, I was waiting for
that notification on my phone
about the package
getting home.
- When we get home, I call dibs
on watching it first.
- No, no, no, no, no.
Let me get it.
- Ders, what's going on?
Is something wrong?
- Okay. I--
It was May 29, 2001.
I was on vaycay with my parents,
and we were staying
in the same room,
so I couldn't stroke my dog.
Believe me, I tried.
One day,
they went horseback riding
and dropped me off at a taping
of VH1's "Storytellers."
- Can you tell the story faster?
'Cause it's super boring.
- No, no, no.
Keep this pace.
Mm-mmm. That's my tempo.
- Anyway, the artist
was Natalie Imbruglia,
and she was singing
her song, "Torn."
- And then you ejacked
in your little boy pants.
- No. What are you--okay.
Yes, I did.
But it was a whole bunch.
I fainted,
and I had to go to the doctor.
So I've jacked off
every day since,
and it's been three days, so
I think I need first dibs, okay?
- Okay.
- Great.
- Yeah. That's fine.
I care so little.
- Yeah.
- So you didn't even need
to tell that stupid story.
- He's right.
That story really fizzled.
- It was bad,
and they always are.
That's the thing
about your stories.
And no offense--
- Package is at the house.
Package is at the house.
Let's go.
It's almost 5:00, right?
We can go, right? Let's go.
Let's go.
- All right, yeah.
Now we're talking.
[tires screech]
- All right.
Whoo!
It's not here.
- Huh?
- It's not here!
- What?
- What are you talking about?
Where is it?
- Okay. Don't panic.
Probably had a neighbor
sign for it.
- Yeah.
That's probably what it is.
No reason to panic.
[knocking]
Hey.
- Hello.
- Dean, how's it going?
We're just wondering if you
signed for a package for us?
[dogs barking]
- No. I didn't for anything.
Packages probably got stolen.
I've had a bunch taken recently.
Honey, can you call the dogs?
Shake the treat box.
Shake the treat box!
Sorry.
I'd say maybe try
the neighborhood watch,
although they've been
fairly useless recently.
- Yeah.
Hey, you know what?
We should start
a vigilante group of our own
to catch this guy.
- God damn it!
Shake the treat box, Vicki!
- No. I'm serious, man.
We could be, like, superheroes.
We could wear costumes.
- Ah, or we couldn't
wear costumes
'cause it's a dumb idea,
right, Ders?
- Yup.
- And that's why
you're my best friend.
- That's why I love you, man.
- Great.
- I really do.
Hey, Dean-o, what got stolen?
- Dude, I ordered
this awesome inflatable chair,
this cowboy boot-shaped mug.
You guys should
come over sometime.
We can do beers,
watch a Blues game.
- Yeah.
You know, maybe we will.
And thanks for the help today.
Appreciate it.
- Well, good luck, guys.
- Yeah, thanks.
You're a good guy.
- Blues game.
- Okay, yeah.
I stole some things from Dean.
- We need to trap this guy
who stole our package
and get our tape back
so I can evacuate.
- And that's why vigilante group
is a great idea.
- I don't think so.
- Check it out.
Beat-Ass.
- I don't like that.
- That's just Kick-Ass.
- No.
- Yeah.
It's Kick-Ass, basically.
- Adam, I heard you,
since you had this conversation
on my front step.
I want my stuff back, buddy.
- Scoot! Scoot!
- Go, go!
- Scoot!
- Bye, Dean!
- All right.
So you're buried in the ground.
- I am, yes.
- Now, I'm gonna put this box
over your head, right,
and I wrote
"valuable electronics:
do not touch" on it.
When he takes the box--
[hisses]
Spray him with the mace.
- Yeah.
- Meanwhile, Blake and I, we're
gonna be over here in the 'Vo.
We're gonna jump out.
We're gonna pounce.
- No, no, no, no, no.
Gnargoyle doesn't sit in cars.
I already told you this.
He perches high above the city,
and then swoops down on his zip
line when the city needs him.
- Your shirt says "eat-ass."
- What?
Oh, God dang it.
The "B" keeps falling off.
- Hey, how are you gonna
be fighting crime
when you're busy
eating ass all day?
- You're not gonna be laughing
when the Gnargoyle swoops down
and wreaks vigilante justice
upon the city.
Yeah. You want to know
what else isn't funny?
Made a Facebook page
for Beat-Ass.
Already got two likes.
- That's cool.
You found two guys
on the Internet
who wanted to get together
and eat each other's butts.
Very cool.
- [laughs]
Oh!
That was the best one yet.
- Evil lurks in Cucamonga.
A hero waits.
His lower thigh's really
starting to hurt from perching.
- Hey, guys?
I'm getting hungry.
Can one of you go make
me a grilled cheese?
- Shh!
Quiet!
You're gonna ruin this.
You believe this guy?
It's like this is
his first stakeout or something.
- Shut up. Someone's coming.
Someone's coming.
- Is it on?
- Yeah.
We're ready. Let's do this.
[coughs]
- I've got visual,
and it looks like a black guy
in a hoodie.
It's probably our guy, man.
- Oh, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Okay.
Being black and wearing a hoodie
is not a crime, okay?
Come on.
- No. No, no. I know.
I'm not saying that.
I'm saying obviously,
he could be anybody.
He could be a dentist or a judge
or a Prince of Bel-Air
or something.
- [coughing]
Crazy dirty down here.
[sneezes]
[both scream]
- Halt!
- Flying drop kick attack!
Ow!
- Hey. Okay. Okay.
We know you're the robber,
so just give us the porno.
- Yeah.
- What? I'm here to join
a group called Beat-Ass.
- Oh, you made it.
Welcome to Beat-Ass HQ.
- How many? How many fingers
am I holding up? How many?
- 16?
- Are you happy?
Your friend over here ruined
our plan and blinded Adam.
- Okay.
He has a name, all right,
which I don't know, actually.
What is your name, friend?
- My real name's Brian,
but my superhero name
is Dr. Heals-good.
- Okay. Very positive.
Mine is actually
the Gnargoyle.
- Hey, Blake.
- What?
- It's all well and good,
but I am [bleep] blind
over here!
- Well, they don't call me
Dr. Heals-good for no reason.
- Wait.
Are you, like, a real doctor?
- With my best friend, Chester,
I can heal people with
the greatest medicine of all,
laughter.
- I'm out of penicillin.
- That was funny.
- This, I hate.
- Who's Chester?
- He's a dummy, Adam.
- 'Kay, Ders.
Not everybody's dummies, okay?
I'm so sorry.
Chester, please.
Welcome to our home.
- This is ridiculous, okay?
We have no porno!
I'm on eBay.
I'm bidding on another copy
of "The Nutting Professor."
It's gonna be delivered
to the office where
it's gonna require a signature
so no one can steal it.
- I remember that movie.
- "Jerk it, please!
Jerk it please!"
[laughter]
- I mean I can't believe
the doctor says I'm only
gonna be blind for a week.
It sucks, dude,
because I could totally get
chicks like this, right?
Like, "Hey. What's up, bro?
"Oh. Oh, sorry.
You're a girl.
These are your boobs."
- Yeah, can you--
can you not squeeze
perfect large air breasts
in front of me, man?
When am I gonna
get this package?
Give me a notification, baby.
Come on.
- I'll play with her boobs
all I want, Ders.
Why don't you just tie a rubber
band around your ding-dong?
- What?
- Yeah.
That way, you can't ejack.
You know what?
- What?
- I bet I'm gonna have,
like, superhero powers.
Like, my other senses are gonna
be more on blast, right?
Like Daredevil or something.
- Hey, guys.
- Oh!
- Oh.
- Ders, I heard Jillian,
like, clear as day
from across the office.
- Yeah, she's right here
in a skirt.
- Shut up. I smell it.
She's eating something.
It's like--
it's, like, grapes or, like,
peanut butter or--like, peanut
buttery grapes or, like--
- Oh, no. That's--
- No! Oh, Jesus Christ.
- Adam, are you okay?
You okay?
- Okay. Yes.
She's right here.
That's Jillian.
- Yeah, no.
Sorry about the stink,
though.
It's my pits.
- Yes. They reek.
- Yeah. They're really bad.
- Yeah.
- Hot water's on the fritz,
so I'm using the drinking
fountain to take whore's baths.
- Whore's bath.
What are you doing?
What are you doing to me?
I'm just gonna do
the whole--yup.
- What are you--oh.
- And...
yeah.
- Guys.
Come out to the parking lot.
The package is here.
- What?
- Come on.
- I didn't get a notification.
- Package?
[rock music]
- [laughing] Well?
- What's going on?
Where's the package?
- What do you mean?
Right here.
Newest member of the Beat-Ass
squad, The Total Package.
- Oh, okay.
- Dude, you know what?
One question.
Do you want me to bust on you?
- No.
- I will bust on you!
- Don't bust on me.
- Do not bust on him!
- What is wrong with you?
- Check it out.
Total Package.
Explosives expert.
Well, he's got a
little demonstration.
- Don't say "explosive."
- All right.
So I've laced
these roman candles
with concentrated gun powder
so they'll blow holes
in this dumpster.
- Oh, come on, dude.
- I love this.
- Stand back.
- I would if I could see it.
- Oh, yeah. There it is.
- Whoa, what are you--hey.
- You ever blow a hole
in the dumpster?
- Did it kill someone, dude?
Did you kill someone, dude?
- Maybe I did the fuse wrong.
- Is this, by any chance,
how you got your blade legs?
- This guy has blade legs?
- I lost my legs
in Afghanistan, bro.
- That--yeah. Sorry. Cool.
Thank you for your service.
- Yeah.
Setting off fireworks
at a Kenny Chesney USO show.
- Good for you.
- That's cool.
[buzzing]
- Whoa.
Phone's on vibrate.
- Answer it.
Dude, we have a pact.
- Oh, get me there.
- Stop. Will you--
- Ooh, get me there.
Stop it! No, no!
- Oh, dude.
You're hard in there.
- Yeah.
Of course I am.
Give me that.
The package is here.
Oh, no.
- That's awesome.
Wait. Why "uh-oh"?
- Guess who just signed for it?
- Dude, what the heck?
That's not our tape.
That's a TV.
- It's both.
Actually, it's a TV/VCR
and the tape.
The tape's stuck inside.
It's a combo thing.
- Oh, okay, okay.
Oh, no.
No.
She's looking in the slot.
- I wouldn't mind
looking in her slot.
- We got to get it out of there
before she busts us.
- Wait, what are you doing?
[phone ringing]
What are you--
- Alice Murphy.
- [gruffly] I have had a bomb
delivered to your office.
It's inside of a TV/VCR
from the '90s,
and unless you get out now,
you're gonna die, bitch!
- Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, everyone!
There's a bomb in the office!
Everyone get into
the parking lot now!
- Go! Everyone go!
- That doesn't make sense.
Why would anyone--bomb?
- No, no, no, no.
She locked it.
- Hey, remember that slot joke
I just said?
I feel like my comedy senses
are, like, heightened.
- Way to go, Blake,
once again.
And by the way, these aren't
tears coming out of my eyes.
This is ejack bubbling out.
- You know, we could've been
on our way to Crank Down Town,
that city,
but you freaking screwed us.
- I--what are you talking about?
I didn't--I'm not the one
who called in a bomb threat.
- Careful.
Careful, careful.
You want the red wire,
not the blue wire.
- Shut the hell up.
I know what I'm doing.
- Oh, really?
You know what you're doing?
Tell that to Jake's son.
- How dare you.
Don't you ever bring up Jake.
- Look, guys, I just want to say
I'm sorry for dragging us
away from the package.
I actually feel
very, very bad about this.
- Well, you should feel
bad about it.
"Superbad" the movie
- I do.
- It's okay, bud.
- Thank you.
- All is forgiven.
Get in here.
- Thank you.
I love you so much.
- All right.
I'm just saying it's
really, really hard
to grow up without a dad,
especially in Rancho.
- Okay.
I wasn't gonna do this,
but you're really
pushing my buttons.
Jake has a dad.
Tina did a DNA test.
It's you.
- I have a son?
[laughing]
I have a son.
I have a son!
- If you guys
would just give the dudes
a chance, you'd like 'em.
They're actually
really, really cool dudes.
- They're actually
really, really not.
[all speaking at once]
- It's the tape.
- They've got the tape.
- Act like we didn't do it.
- Yeah, right. Yeah.
- False alarm, everyone.
It was just a porno tape.
- Oh.
- It's "The Nutting Professor."
It's Dan Yella.
He busts mad loads.
- A porno tape?
I wonder who would be
dumb enough to send
this to the office.
- Well, we all--
- Well, whoever it is,
they better fess up right now
or everyone
is working this weekend.
Who's tape is this?
- It's mine, sorry.
I think my package got delivered
to your office by mistake.
- Then, who called
in the bomb threat?
- Bomb threat?
- Hey! Hey!
- He just took the tape.
[all speaking at once]
- Okay.
Everyone back inside.
Let's go now.
- Let's go. Everybody.
- Dude, this is the perfect
chance to unleash Beat-Ass.
- No, no.
You're not unleashing Beat-Ass,
okay, 'cause they've ruined
everything so far.
We're out. Ready?
- Yup. I'm with you.
I'm with Ders. Let's roll.
- Okay.
Let's go.
- This way.
[rock music]
Come on!
- I'm coming!
*
- Oh, no.
He's getting into a minivan.
The license plate
said "MRNULEAF."
To the 'Vo.
- All right.
both: To the 'Vo!
- We can head him off if we just
go down this alley right here.
- What? What alley?
There's no alley.
We're in the Hills, dude.
What are you talking about?
- Really?
- Yeah.
Oh, no.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
These bumps are gonna
make me bust!
- No.
- Yeah.
- Here, I'll turn on some music
to distract you.
- Okay.
- * That's what's going on *
- Oh, damn.
- * Nothing's fine, I'm torn *
- No!
- * I'm all out of faith *
* This is how I feel
* I'm cold and I am shamed *
* Lying naked on the floor
* Illusion never changed
- Oh, I ruined my best khakis.
Damn it.
He's going for the freeway.
- Somebody call
for a superhero squad?
- Dude, you're too late,
all right?
You and the weirdos aren't gonna
beat that guy up the ramp.
[dramatic music]
*
- That's where you're wrong.
Total Package, I'm gonna
need your blade legs.
Dr. Heals-Good, let me
borrow Chester for a second.
Thanks, bro.
Awesome.
- Whoa.
Buy me dinner first!
- What?
*
- [shouts]
[tires screech]
- Oh, my God.
Was that a baby?
- That is a ventriloquist dummy
that I threw at your vehicle
to stop you.
- Why would you do that?
- Because you took something
that belongs to my friends
and me.
- Chester!
[sloshing]
- Sorry about that, man.
I hope it didn't cost too much.
- All right.
Hand it over, NULEAF.
That's right.
We know it's you.
- Come on.
Why would you want it so bad?
- Wait a second.
I know that voice.
That's Dan Yella!
- Take off your sunglasses
and hat.
[laughter]
- Right?
- Pornographic memory.
I just--
- Yeah. Yeah, no.
It's totally him,
but he's got, like, a bunch
of old man makeup on and a wig.
- This isn't makeup or a wig.
I'm just older,
and I grew my hair out.
I'm a normal guy now.
I made one stupid film, and now
I've spent all these years
trying to get every last copy
of it back off the Internet.
- Why would you want to destroy
something so beautiful?
- Because he's about to be
a father.
- He's already a father,
okay?
He's our porn daddy.
- He taught me how to bone.
- Honestly,
it would mean the world to us
if we could watch you bone
one last time, Mr. Yella.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Maybe we could do
a one-time only
private sex show
between my wife and I,
but then I get
to keep the tape.
- What? Dan.
- Brenda, come on.
Look at these losers.
It's all they have.
- Yeah. We should do it.
- Yes!
- Thank you!
[all exclaiming]
- Can't wait to see it.
- Yeah.
- Is it still bent?
Is it still,
like, a little bent?
[rustling]
- Have they started yet?
I wish I could see.
[sighs]
I'm gonna go get my lube.
- All right. Yeah.
Cool.
- I'm okay.
Okay, yeah, no.
I am so not into this.
- Yeah.
I--pretty much empty down there
after the whole you-know-what.
- Yeah.
Let's get out of here.
- Thanks, though, seriously.
- Yeah. Thanks a lot.
You're a trooper.
- All right.
Suit yourselves, guys.
Okay, Honey.
Let's lose the tops.
- All right.
Got my lube.
Okay.
All right.
Here we go.
Dan Yella. This is cool.
This is fun. It's like a dream
come true, honestly.
All right. Mmm.
Potent smell.
Smells like sandwiches.
- Nice.
- What's the package?
- God, I just want to jack off
so bad.
- Guys, wait up.
- Hey, guys. What's the package?
- Ugh! Oh, you were lucky
I'm in a hurry, Waymond,
or I would wreck you!
Little bitch.